custom git user input option (#131)
changesets/action: .changeset/two-dolls-promise.md

---
"@changesets/action": minor
---

> add a `setupGitUser` to enable or disable setting up a default git user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `setupGitUser` option to enable or disable setting up a default git user
```
